Markdownlint: custom rules documentation (#27545)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: markdownlint/docs/TOP001.md

# `TOP001` - Descriptive Link Text

Tags: `accessibility`, `links`

Aliases: `descriptive-link-text`

This rule is triggered when a link has a text label that uses the words "this" or "here", for example:

```markdown

> You can read about it [here](https://example.com).

Reviewer: Just to make this one match the fixed version a little more:

```suggestion
You can read more about variables in JavaScript [here](https://example.com).
```

[This article](https://example.com) provides more information about closures.
```

> To fix this issue, remove the words "here" and "this" and use more descriptive text that clearly conveys the purpose or content of the link:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, remove the words "here" and "this" and use more descriptive text that clearly conveys the purpose or content of the link. You may need to also update the surrounding text. The following code block demonstrates how the links from above could be fixed:
```
